# System Log (SysLog) Analysis, Registry, & Control Panel
## How To Use Windows Event Viewer

-What is Event Viewer?

 - Event Viewer is an application where you may view all of your system's detailed logs. All error events as well. This app is a critical piece in determining root cause of issues.

- Type of logs:

  * Application Log

  * Security Log 

  * System Log 

# Windows Registry Demystified

- Windows Registry is a database where Windows (and other programs) store their configuration settings. 

* Working in the registry without knowledge of what you are doing could really mess up your system's configuration, or render it unbootable.

- Altering the registry to "tweak" certain options is called "registry hacking" Here are a few specific ones:

   * Display a message at sign in

   * Enable Windows Defender's Secret Crapware Blocker

   * Clean up Your Messy Context Menu

   * Add Any Application to Your Desktop's Context Menu

   * Add "Open With Notepad" to the Context Menu for All Files

   * Stop Other User Accounts From Shutting Down Your PC

   * Block User Accounts From Running Specific Apps

   * Make Your Taskbar Buttons Always Switch To the Last Active Window

   * Disable Windows 10's Lock Screen

   * Add "Take Ownership" to the Context Menu

   * Disable Aero Shake Minimizing of Windows

   * Get the Old Volume Control Back on Windows 10

   * Change the Manufacturer Name of Your PC

   * Remove the "3d Objects" Folder form the PC on Windows 10

   * Remove Folders From This PC
 
   * Remove OneDrive From File Explorer on Windows 10

   * Disable the "Low Disk Space" Check

   * Stop Windows from Adding "-Shortcut" to New Shortcuts

   * Disable SMBv1 on Windows 7 for Security


## What do I want to know more about?
How does this compare to Syslog's levels?